## Finances

How much money have we got?

### Membership count

A count of how many people have paid each month is now available at http://hackerdeen.org/api/membership

There is a lousy graph of that at
http://hackerdeen.org/api/membership/graph and the bot in the IRC
channel will give a text version in response to ?histogram.

Anyone who wants to improve the graph (or anything else on the
website) should talk to Robert.

## Passwords

Do we have a full list yet?

For 57North:
 * Domain name registration - Iain
 * Web site and wiki admin - Iain
 * IRC Channel - Iain
 * Mailing list - Iain
 * Twitter - Tom
 * Open Tech Calendar - Iain

If there are no objections to the rebranding, we likely do not need to find all the Hackerdeen accounts.

## Furniture

We have more shelves now - hopefully they won't fall down.

There is another standing desk - it doesn't yet have levelling feet as
the T-nuts have gone missing. If anybody comes across them please tell
the mailing list where they are.

## Members boxes

Another 10 were obtained. They should be on top of the shelves.

## Party

It happened.

We spent £160, we got £160. Good time was had, but way below expected, and no profit (other than the spare drinks).

Finances are here : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0An9-tNb6hfXIdF9TVTlveXppUi1ZNEFRSV9CUjNPclE&usp=sharing

## Blinkenlights

There were/are some flashing lights in the ceiling, but less than were
originally planned so there is scope for more work on this.

## Legal stuff / organising an actual organisation

We are now at the time we agreed to revisit this.

We held a meeting on the 15th and have put a plan together. There are 
still a few unknowns in the plan though. 

The plan formed was to to form a Company Limited by Guarentee with an initial 
board of five members. Currently we have three volunteers and a few 
maybes. In the worst case we will form with a board of the three members
that have put themselves forward.

Thowing out the company limited by guarantee because the accountant advises
that it's a LOT of hassle and can even have the courts involved in the
formation process...

Accountant advises we should form a Company Limited by Shares and has given
Iain instructions on how to do this. 200 £1 shares will be issues with each
Director (of which there are 5) purchasing 40 each. This provides capital
within the company to allow for the startup expenses (company formation mainly).

We will need a registered office, and the space will do for that. No official
correspondance would be sent to this address as Companies House and Inland Revenue
can both do emails now.

Following the formation of the company we should acquire a bank account.
Accountant suggests an "any two" policy for approving expenditure.

Following the acquisition of a bank account, we should purchase public liability
insurance that mainly would cover people falling over. It would not cover things
like chopping off your own leg because you don't know how to power tool. This
would cost approx. £120pa.

Need to confirm date for this and get an idea of who's doing it (or at
least make sure that someone is...). Iain suggests Iain does it, with assistance
from the accountant if required.

We should also formalise policies for the use of the space, which can be complimented
by the informal rules. We also need a waiver of liability for members and to clearly
display the space usage policy. New people in the space should be directed to this
as soon as possible when entering the space.

If you are present in the space and someone uses a power tool to chop their leg off,
note that you have behaved negligently and can be imprisoned.

## Work Shops

We are planning to run workshops at three events in the future and could 
really do with volunteers to help out.

 - A schools Event being run by Iain
 - Engineering Science Week, being run by Tom, Iain and Ed running in March
 - Hack n Make, happening in May still TBC
 
At the Hack n Make event there is scope to run multiple workshops. Maybe the 
MakeIt-Glo workshop and a lockpicking event.

## Cryptoparty

We are planning to run a cryptoparty between mid-Febuary and the end of it.

This will involve watching a documentary, tutorials on Tor, GPG and OTR and a GPG
key signing event. Once some organisation has happened, this will be publicised
to AberLUG, TechMeetup, BeCyCle and generally to students at both Universities.

Anyone interested in helping should talk to Iain.

## Rebranding

At the company planning meeting it was decided to not register the business with
the name Hackerdeen. When organising the Engineering Science Week event we also
decided a different name was needed. As we needed a logo and Hackerdeen didn't 
really bring any ideas we looked for a different name. 

For the Company and Workshops the plan is to use the name **57 North Hacklab**
with the common abbreiviation of **57 North**. We have logos, a poster, domains
irc, twitter all setup. 

Should we move to this name for the space entirely and subsume the name Hackerdeen?

## Donations

The space is able to take donations and any none members using the space should be
encouraged to give a little. This will help us build funds beyond just membership.

We also have a jar for beer money, please donate before taking drink.

## Things **YOU** can do for the space

 - Pay membership on time (we are working on standing orders)
 - Help with planned workshops
 - Plan events in the space
 - Run group projects
 - Donate Hardware
 - Bring in new members
  
 Can anyone think of more?

## Stock of components

We've talked about getting a stock of components for the space. 

Can we put together a list of what we want for that and then get in some stock. 

What do we want to do for paying for things? Take it out of general
funds? Put a jar somewhere and when using things you should drop some
money in it?

## Intro email for new members

We agreed at last meeting that we'd like to have something going out to new members. 

Robert has put together something at
https://github.com/hackerdeen/stuff/blob/master/intro-email.txt

Please read and give feedback/ pull requests (will need updated if the
rebranding is agreed).

If we agree this is the right email, the new mailing list can be
configured to send all new people the email.

## AOCB
