## Begin
19:51
##People
There are 12 people here.
## Finances
We have £687.51 with Feb membership still outstanding. 
## Bank account
Tom had volunteered to sort out a bank acount
## Membership count
This month we have 9 members. 
## Passwords
Still to be done.
## Keys 
Still waiting to get them
## Social media updates for name change
Done.
ACTION: Iain needs to sort out contact@ email address

ACTION: Rowan will update the socail media stuff to point t contact@
## Intro workshop
Stuff is happening. Ed has things under control. 
## Intro for new members
At the moment they are slave labour for workshop stuff. 
This will be updated going forward.
## Badges
In progress.
## Schools workshop
On hold till we have more time. 
## Engineering Science Week 
This is happening. 
The brochure has been sent to the mailing list. 
## Hack'n'Make
Tom is in charge of sorting something out and is looking for volunteers to help. 
## Cryptoparty
Happening this Saturday.
## Posters
Iain is looking into this. 
There is talk of making other marketing material. 
Designs should go to the mailing list. 
ACTION: Tom will design business cards. 
## Donations of money
We are still happy to receive them.
## Donations of stuff
Look on the wiki.
## Stock of components
We could do with adding to this but it is a low priority. 
## Intro email for new members
No one has objected to it.. so it is approved.
(It does need to start pointing to the new site though...)
## Events
There is a schedule of things happening on Thursdays.
## Taking minutes/ agenda
We have some disagreement about how/where to store them. 
For now we'll stick with the github approach and revisit later. 
## We are now a company
### We need to have a list of members
This will be via the members part of the website for now. 
## Member's benefits
You get things for being a member. These include an email address @57north.co, git accounts on whiteboard. 
## Compute cluster
We have one now. It needs some work to make it do stuff. 
## Actions
Tom/Iain want the actions to be automatically mailed out to the people they are assigned. That counts as volunteering to make it happen :)

## Done
20:21