#Agenda 2014-04-22

##Pictures of cats
Iain will be in Amsterdam.

##Directors Report
Bank account (we should have one by now)
Thanks to Calum for providing fire extinguisher.

We currently have £800.50 cash on hand. Some of that is probably owed
to Nick and for electricity usage up to now.

We are now renting the space directly @ cost of £305/month + electricity. 

This month we have 10 people marked as paid giving income of £200. 
http://hackerdeen.org/api/membership/graph

We're running cash flow negative by over £100/month so runway stands
at somewhere around 6-8 months (depending on electricity usage and how
much we're still owe Nick).

To be sustainable we need to get to at least 16 members. 

##Dangerous equipment in the space

Ed needs to document the tools bench on the wiki.

##Business cards

Business cards will not be produced by the space.

Members are welcome to create their own cards showing their 57North email addresses.

Members might want to wait until the 57North email addresses are properly set up @57north.co not @m.57north.co.

Artwork should be put on the wiki if anyone creates any.

##Space Network

Rack has been built and populated.

Iain and Carl have admin access to the routers/switches.

All stations have at least 1 ethernet connection.

##Previous actions:

> Rowan + Iain: email accounts for social media.

Email accounts exist, broke all email for a while, fixed now.

google@ facebook@ go to Rowan
twitter@ goes to Tom

> Flickr group/media storage

We have a Flickr group now https://www.flickr.com/groups/57n

If you want to be a member tell Robert your Flickr username and you'll get an invite. 

> Rowan + Iain: Calendar access - has this been sorted?

OpenTechCalendar is broken: it offers no feature to change ownership
of an account/group/thing. Someone needs to talk to the folks running
it to see if this can be done manually.

> Ed + Rowan: New member procedure?

This is important. Articles should be referenced. This really needs directors approval.

> Unknown: Create general email going out with latest minutes to all users.

Iain notes that this is difficult to write a script for if people cannot spell agenda. As we're no longer
having meetings though, this is not even an issue that needs to be addressed. Instead, Iain will be collating
a newsletter monthly and sending it to announce. The first issue will be distributed on the third Thursday of
May. Send your updates to Iain for inclusion.

> Poster

Iain made one.

Source: http://irl.sdf.org/57north-poster.xcf

##Hack and Make
11th May
Have other groups (Edinburgh/Be-cycle) been invited?

Iain notified them something would be happening, no formal invites been sent regarding party.

People should confirm they are willing to help with workshops etc.

Who has a project they would like to show off in our booth?

##Security
Tony: Progress on:
London bars
Replace locks
CCD cameras
Safe lock

##Power
We pay for power.
Carl will document a closing procedure to power off all non-essential items.
This should be placed by the door and is the responsibility of the last person out to make sure it is followed.

##Photos/media
We need pics for social media of us being super rad and stuff.
Do we have enough?
This is likely fixed by the Flickr group.

##Themed Thursdays

We should have just had an excellent night playing Red Alert 2.

There are some themed thursdays planned. More should be volunteered.

The list of themed thursdays on the website is now pulled from Open Tech Calendar.

Iain is looking at ways of allowing others to add things to Open Tech Calendar, but for now events should be emailed to Iain.

##Replacing hub

Hub does not need to be replaced.

Feature requests should go to the wiki, mailing list or directly to
Robert.

There are plans afoot to add support for tweeting from hub but there
is no timeline for when it will be done (so much other stuff to do...).

Any help with improvements would be appreciated.  

##Cooperation with Satrosphere

Has any ation been taken on this?

Is this going to have to wait until after the Hack and Make?

## Membership cards

We have been kicking around some ideas for making membership cards
that could be used as doorbot keys. 

Nothing definite has come of this yet as there are outstanding
questions on the dual purpose of showing membership to other people
and containing some secret that can authenticate to doorbot.

If anyone has any ideas please speak up.

## member emails

All members now have <username>@m.57north.co directing mail to the
email address they have registered in hackhub.

http://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-discuss/2014-March/000390.html

Iain has plans for @57north.co being used instead of @m.57north.co and also plans for providing members with free cPanel web hosting.

## Future meetings

Do we need to have a serious business meeting every month?

It is useful to have regular state-of-the-space updates but do we need
to be having an actual meeting to go through this? meetings burn quite
lot of person time, limit the peopl who can participate in discussions
to those who can be present at the time of the meeting, force any
discussion on an issue to include everyone rather than just those who
care about it, and because of that include pressure to not discuss
things too much.

PROPOSAL: Do away with the actual meeting part of our meetings.
Instead collate a state-of-the-space update from what would currently
be the agenda to go out to -announce on the current meeting
schedule. Discussion about any of the issues can happen on -discuss or
with single topic face to face meetings as desired by the people
interested in that topic.

##AOCB

##Next Meeting

If the abandoning meetings proposal is passed the next meeting will be
the AGM, else it will be some other time.
