---
title: 57North AGM 2018
author: Kevin
date: 24 Apr 2018 
geometry: margin=1in
papersize: a4
toc: true
---

# Attending

* Rob
* Tom
* Calum
* Tony
* Ed
* Mike
* Peter
* Sean
* Dave
* Kevin
* Andy

# Election of meeting chair

* **Chair**: Rob
* **Minutes**: Kevin
* **Start**: 19.35 24-04-2018

# Report on activities since last AGM

[Director's Report](https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2018/18-04-24-directors-report.md)

## Other

Chairs seats were fixed to the frame.

# Treasurer's report

[Treasurers Report](https://57north.org.uk/accounts/2018-AGM/57N_Treasurers_Report_YE_28th_Feb18.pdf)

Andy
: Offered to do the accounts for 57North.

Tom
: Action to carry to a board meeting after Andy has looked at the books and would be happy to take on the accounts.

# Future Plans for 57N

Rob
: Gradually running out of money.

Options:

* Raise more money to stay in current location
* Shutter
* Possibility of another space which would be cheaper, 

Tom
: In reference to risk of new location and possibility, we not at more risk then then we are currently. The current location is also a problem due to access, stairs.

Tony
: Number of members and size of current space a problem.

## New Location

Rob
: Engage space

More floorspace with three distinct spaces. Could be utilised as separate functions at the same time. All within 2 floors at street level.

Dave
: Money cost involved movement.

* Cleaning current space.
    * Deposit from current space
* Location needs work.
    * So possibly no deposit and rent holiday.
    * Outfit of new space.

Andy
: Possible Location at Westburn Road Bowling Green.

Mike
: Possibility of space with Men's shed

Peter
: Are we going to proceed with Engage for a relocation.

Tom
: cost of relocation, horrendously pessimistic estimate of £1000 for relocation.

Mike
: empower the directors to negotiate on the move to engage?

**Vote: Unanimous: Passed.**

Ed & Rob, negotiate with Andy from Engage. Kevin, Spec an Estimate for refurbishment:

Timeline:

* Talk to engage and negotiate contract: by 29-04-2018.
* Contact Current Landlord: first week of May.
* Kev Spec: as soon as or, start of may.

# Election of directors

All Directors stand down

Tom
: Stands down and appeals for anyone who has not had a director position to stand to rotate directors.

Andy Gaskill
: Puts hoe name forward for director position

**Proposed Directors:**

* Andy
* Ed
* David
* Kevin
* Rob

5 candidates and 5 positions for Directors no vote required.

# Any Other Competent Business

None.

Complete: 20.53 24-04-2018
