# Agenda for December 17, 2013

## Finances

How much money have we got?

## Keys/passwords

How are we doing with tracking these down?

## Furniture

Feedback on first desk and planning for building the second one. 

Feedback on shelves (one fell off the wall...) and planning for building more.

Do we need/want any other furniture?

## Layout of the space

There were plans floating around for a reorganisation. 

## Internet

We have a connection now. 

What should we be doing for our side of the sponsorship of that? Link
on website? Where/ to what? Poster up in space?

## Members boxes

We have more members than we currently have boxes. Are there members
who want a box but don't have one?

If getting more boxes: more of the same or something different?

## Party

Update.

## blinkenlights

Update.

## Tool storage 

We've started putting hand tools in the bottom drawer of the unit to
the right of the safe. Can they please go back there after use.

## Doorbot

Doorbot could do with some work:

 - Move to beaglebone so it can be wired up permanently and tidily
   rather than the current mess of wires.
 - Make it easier to update the list of allowed cards.
 - Hook it up to the members DB. 

Anyone want to help with any of that?

## Hackhub/website

If anyone has something they think should be on the site or wants to
help with implementing things talk to Robert or Iain.

## Roles within the space

Come January Malcolm's enforced role as treasury is up. Seeing as we need to
find someone to handle this, it might be an idea to set some other positions
up. I suggest a physical space manager and a cyberspace manger(or maybe a 
less 90s term).

## Openday

A workshop has been proposed early in the newyear for 7-14 year olds and their parents, using an intro to Arduino code, a pre-soldered Digispark and at least one shield. Proposed location is Room 205, but we need to discuss materials, personnel and dates before final decsion to go ahead is made.

## AOCB


